---
layout: post
title: "Goals"
author: "Justin"
---

Recently, I started working at STATS which is the world's largest provider of sports data
and information. We sell our data to some of the most recognizable organizations in the world,
from large technology enterprises to sports leagues, teams and media companies. As a Customer
Success Manager, it is my job to manage the relationships with different enterprises. This role
requires that I understand how our data is collected, stored then shipped via API to our clients.

While I have been quick to pick up on the nuances of how we operate, I have always been a
naturally studious individual and one who always strives to fully understand everything that
they do. In order to accomplish this, I have decided to build my own collection software,
database and modeling tools all while utilizing data from tv's favorite gameshow: Jeopardy.

With the project I have 3 goals that I look to achieve:
1) Design a system to collect and store Jeopardy data
2) After collecting a trove of data, learn how to model and predict Jeopardy outcomes
3) Write a blog that details what and how I am going about doing this

I do suspect that this project will take quite a bit of time to complete, however by doing
so I will be able to build a skill set that will not only help me to better serve my clients
but continue to help me be successful in an ever-changing world.

Over the next weeks and months, I will share my journey and in time will share what I have
built. I hope you enjoy the ride, because I surely will!
