---
layout: post
title: "Jeopardy"
author: "Justin"
---

Jeopardy, in its current format, premiered in 1984. Since then, Alex Trebek has welcomed
3 contestants on stage once a day to play in what has become one of the most popular
and recognizable TV game shows. For the uninitiated, Jeopardy is a game where the host
presents 6 topics that the contestants pick "answers" from. After reading the answer,
which is a statement, the contestants then click on a personal buzzer. The first one
to "buzz in" gets the opportunity to guess what question would precede the answer. If
the contestant gets the question correct, they get the dollar amount attached to that
answer. Otherwise, the dollar amount is deducted from their total. During the course
of the show, there are also "Daily Doubles" where contestants can pick the value up to
double their current total and Final Jeopardy where contestants place a wager of any amount
up to their total for the final question.

While the game is mostly straight forward, there are several nuances that can complicate
the design of an application that tracks statistics. For instance, multiple people can
answer the same question if others get it incorrect, there are different question types
that follow different rules, and a winner carries over to the next game, amongst other nuance.

To make things easier for myself, I plan on breaking this project down into 5 initial
sets:

1. My first step is to build a system where I can enter in answers, the questions and
dollar amounts. All of this information will need to be stored in a database.

2. Second, I want to add the ability to create a one-player game. At the beginning of
this game, the user can say who is playing, before entering in different answers,
questions and dollar totals. In this set, the score will only reflect the player's
coryat score, which is a total of winnings with no deductions for wrong answers

3. In the third set, I will add in the scoring logic so the outcome will be a full
one-player game.

4. Next, I will incorporate additional players.

5. Finally, I will incorporate "Daily Doubles" and "Final Jeopardy".

By breaking down this process, I think it will be much easier to focus and move
forward in a productive manner. Subsequent blog posts will review these sets, the decisions
that I will make, and the framework that I choose to use.
